This directory houses test cases used to validate the CRDS milestone-6 rmaps
which were regenerated from CDBS and feature revised special case hooks, most
notably for ACS BIASFILE.

These test cases were selected to be representative of all known unique DADSOPS
parameter sets, with the exception of DATE-OBS + TIME-OBS, which was abstracted
to once case each for pre-SM4 and post-SM4.  This reduces the number of test
cases to a level for which CDBS pipeline bestrefs can be reasonably computed,
approximately 9000, doable in a work-day due to CDBS speeds.  In contrast, 500k
cases would take... impossibly long...  CDBS would change during the
computation interval.  So this phase of testing sacrifices comprehensive
coverage for the sake of getting true CDBS pipeline bestrefs for all cases, not
just cases where CRDS and CDBS disagree.  This is required because there are
significant numbers of cases where CRDS and DADSOPS/CDBS agree on the *wrong*
answer relative to pipeline bestrefs.  As of this writing it's not clear the
current CRDS interface to DADSOPS fully represents all datasets, so this
testing is based on unique cases as they are known now.

Test cases are stored in two pickles:

1. Uncorrected cases dumped from the DADSOPS database, which may themselves be
incorrect relative to pipeline CDBS.

2. Corrections from the CDBS pipeline bestrefs program run remotely on
dmsdevvm4, representing true pipeline results for CDBS.

Unlike normal comprehensive testing, ALL bestrefs are coming from the
corrections pickle.

However, due to minimal output from CDBS pipeline bestrefs, DADSOPS is still
used by CRDS to provide the original matching parameters used by CRDS (not
CDBS, which gets matching parameters on its own... so there is really no 
guarantee that CRDS and CDBS use the same parameters). 

As-of this round of testing,  there are two classes of error:

1. WFC3 bias errors involving t6i1733ei_bia.fits known to be a problem in CDBS,
not CRDS.

2. WFC3 dark errors where CDBS updated darks yesterday and the gold standard
CDBS corrections are stale.  So the pkl's idea of CDBS is reporting the old
bestrefs, and CRDS is reporting the new ones.  Waiving this as a non-problem.

3. WFPC2 errors where CDBS pipeline bestrefs failed so no test was performed.

So, with minor caveats, the results look solid and ACS BIASFILE is now believed
to be fully functional.
